The files in this directory are to set up and evolve a simple two-body
system - two equal mass particles in circular orbits about their
common center of mass - as a test of the galaxy code.  The source
files binary.f and analys.f should be compiled and linked with the
other single-processor libraries of the package.  The resulting
executable will run with any of the five .dat files in this directory,
which each use a different grid:

run201 is for P2D, run221 for C2D, run301 is for P3D, run321 for C3D,
and run341 for S3D

The binary orbit is offset from the grid center and, in 3D, is tipped
with respect to the grid planes.

When compiled, the version of analys in this directory will plot the
orbit using the 'pnts' option.  The 'intg' option will show how well
global integrals are conserved - the plots of variations are scaled so
as to reveal the changes, which should be small.

This is a strong test for programming or implementation blunders.  If
all is well, the orbit should be circular, the virial ratio close to
0.5, and total energy, and linear and angular momentum should be
approximately conserved.  This is a particularly challenging test for
the spherical expansion code, since the expansion must be taken to
high order (lmax=32) to obtain forces that are a good approximation to
those of point masses, but then force discontinuities as the particles
cross in radius, which are exacerbated at high order, are not fully
masked by grid interpolation.  Nevertheless, the results are
satisfactory when using the supplied run341.dat file.
