The files in this directory are for three illustrative simulations
using the spherical grid.

--------- 

Run100 is supplied as a good example of how to use the code in the
simplest possible manner.  The script run100.s creates a .pcs file
that contains the initial phase space coordinates of 200K particles
drawn from an equilibrium DF for uniform density sphere, and then runs
pcs2dmp and galaxy in single processor mode to evolve this stable
model for a short time interval.

---------

Run200 introduces a rigid perturbing satellite in orbit around a
Plummer sphere having an isotropic DF.  The script run200.s selects
particles from the DF of an isotropic Plummer sphere, runs mkpcs to
set up the .pcs file, after which pcs2dmp and galaxy are run in
parallel to compute the evolution for a short period.  The motion of
the satellite, and of the grid center, can be observed using the satl
option in analys.

--------- 

Run300 is a somewhat artificial example of a Plummer sphere with a
rigid Hernquist central component that illustrates the use of compress
and of guard zones.  The script run300.s will take some time to
execute: it starts by running compress to compute the equilibrium DF
for the Plummer sphere with the additional central mass component.  It
creates the files compress.dat and E0tab.dat, which are needed at all
subsequent stages, including analysis.  It then selects particles from
this new DF, and uses them to create a .pcs file, and then uses 5
processors to compute the evolution of this stable spherical system
for a short period.
