This directory contains two illustrative simulations using the 3D
polar grid.

Run 999 is a disk+bulge model.  The script run999.s first determines
an equilibrium DF and potential for the bulge using dfiter, then
selects particles from the equilibrium DF of the bulge, runs mkpcs to
set up the .pcs0 file, and then runs the model for a short period.

Run 200 is a low-mass disk in rigid a cored isothermal halo.  The
script run200.s uses smooth to create a Shu DF for the disk and then
to select particles from the DF, then runs mkpcs to create the model,
followed by pcs2dmp_mpi and then galaxy_mpi to run it for a short
period.

Following up the execution of this script with an interactive run of
progam analys will allow the user to see the effects of a few mild
multi-arm spiral patterns, as the model is halo-dominated, but at
least it should be clear that the model is close to equilibrium.

The script clean.s tidies up the files created by run200.s only.
Intermediate files that were created that can be deleted, or
consolidated if needed.  After every 25 analysis steps, galaxy_mpi
creates a new set of run200.IdmpT files, with 0 <= I <= 4 because the
MPI version used here employed 5 cores.  The script clean.s converts
these intermediate run200.IdmpT files to "snapshot" type run200.pcsT
files and deletes the no longer needed intermediate run200.IdmpT
files.  The files run200.grt and run200.flg are deleted as they are no
longer needed.

If the user wishes to continue the simulation, the run200.Idmp100
files will be needed, and they are therefore not deleted in this
script.  Before running galaxy_mpi to continue evolution, the value
given in the "last step" line of the run200.dat file will need to be
increased, else the run will stop again after just a single step.

The snapshot files created by clean.s are not needed in the GALAXY
package, but may be of interest to the user.
